Desc 1: Alien is Present

Upon entering the conservatory, you're greeted by an oddly serene atmosphere, the soft hum of the unknown playing a quiet symphony in the backdrop. An assortment of exotic and unfamiliar plants sprawl out, from a large buzzing machine in a strangely organized chaos. The smell of something completely exotic, strangely alien, hangs heavy in the air. In the midst of this orchestrated chaos of exotic plant life, the true gem of the room is its domed glass ceiling, resembling a closed eye, blocking out the cosmic ballet above. Underneath it, the most bizarre sight captures your attention. An alien, its body seeming to fluctuate between solidity and translucence, cowers. Its numerous eyes dart around the room in panic. The anxiety is palpable, and it appears to react nervously to every sound, every whisper of the wind, sends it into a state of heightened fear. Your entrance is noted by a high-pitched, fearful squeal. Its eyes fix on you, wide and terrified. Despite the serenity of the room, the creature's fear is a sour note. What will you do?

Desc 2: Alien not Present, but glass dome open:
You reenter the conservatory, the air less vibrant without the alien's riotous colors. The unusual plants are quieter, as if missing the creature that once belonged among them. The domed glass ceiling, a once - barrier against the night sky's cosmic wonder, seems even more prominent in the alien's absence. An opportunity to explore the room presents itself - a hidden path obscured by the foliage to the right. (Nazi room?)

Desc 3: Defeat?:
The alien's many eyes become wide, and it lets out a high-pitched squeal that resonates through the conservatory. Suddenly, the alien phases out, disappearing momentarily. Before you can react, it reappears behind you, a strange device now in its trembling appendage. It looks suspiciously like the storied 'alien probe' you've heard tales of. With a trembling voice, you joke, "You're not... going to use that probe on me, are you?". The alien, not understanding the jest, lets out a sound which might be interpreted as amusement. Or it might just be preparing the probe. It's rather hard to tell...


# Just playing with an example:
room_desc_entrance {
    'alien_present' : FLAVOR TEXT1,
    'alien_not_present' : FLAVOR TEXT2,
    'defeated' : FLAVOR TEXT3
}